DEPR: returning tuple when grouping by a list containing single element (#47761)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.5.0.rst

- Deprecated :meth:`Series.rank` returning an empty result when the dtype is non-numeric and ``numeric_only=True`` is provided; this will raise a ``TypeError`` in a future version (:issue:`47500`)
- Deprecated argument ``errors`` for :meth:`Series.mask`, :meth:`Series.where`, :meth:`DataFrame.mask`, and :meth:`DataFrame.where` as ``errors`` had no effect on this methods (:issue:`47728`)
- Deprecated arguments ``*args`` and ``**kwargs`` in :class:`Rolling`, :class:`Expanding`, and :class:`ExponentialMovingWindow` ops. (:issue:`47836`)

> - Deprecated producing a single element when using :meth:`Pandas.groupby` with a single list element. A tuple of length one will be returned instead.

Reviewer: The end of the whatsnew note looks good - but saying `` :meth:`Pandas.groupby` `` is incorrect. See my comment above.

> - Deprecated producing a single element when using :meth:`Pandas.groupby` with a single list element. A tuple of length one will be returned instead.

Author: @rhshadrach sorry didn't notice. How about now?

> - Deprecated producing a single element when iterating over a :class:`Pandas.groupby` or a :class:`SeriesGroupBy` that has been grouped by a list of length 1; A tuple of length one will be returned instead (:issue:`42795`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecated producing a single element when iterating over a :class:`DataFrameGroupBy` or a :class:`SeriesGroupBy` that has been grouped by a list of length 1; A tuple of length one will be returned instead (:issue:`42795`)
```
